# trump_quotes

A Flutter project presenting a multi-language quotation app of some famous person. The author as a flutter beginner developed it for fun.

This app has the following features:

1. The app reads quotations from a json file which has a specific format as in the code. When others want to use this, they just need to change the json file to their own quotations.
2. It reserves a splash AD page for later use.
3. The app has an everyday_quotes page whose content varies according to the date.
4. The app's language can be changed by selecting the language from the setting icon. Both the UI and contents can be changed.
5. The app is quite like a book, which has the flipping animation. And it's akin to QUOTATIONS FROM CHAIRMAN MAO.
6. An contents is implemented to fast direct to corrseponding pages.
7. The text font size varies to fit the screen size limit.

### Usage

The most significant part of the code is the lib/ directory, assets/ directory and pubspec.yaml file. Copy and modify these, then run in vscode or other flutter ide.

The pictures in assets folder are generated by AI. The quotes json file is from wikiquote.org, and modified and translated by author himself. Some of the quotes are illegal for commercial use. They are just a illustration here.

You may use your own pictures and generate your own json quotes file, to implement your own xx_quotes app.

#### Buy me a coffee if you willing to.
BTC addr(format: Native SegWit): bc1qmm4w93eutrahfvjcfw6etlteujzd2mxfsvjp09
